Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in this lecture we're going to look at how to check if a value is not in a list.
So sometimes you need to know when the value is not in the list.
Again consider the example of a web app you could have to list for different users admin users and normal
users.
Obviously admin users can do more than the normal users.
So let's have a look at how that would work.
So let's first create a list of admin users.
And let's call this admin users.
Nice and simple.
He calls let's just give this to users.
Tony and frank here we go.
We've created a list of users now that asked to use for our username
and let's have a look.
User name equals input
please enter your user name.
OK close it off.
Perfect.
Next we check if the username entered is in our list of adman's.
So if user name not so here's the key word here not in admin users colon print
you do not have access.
OK else print
access granted
OK.
So what we've done is we've created a list of admin users with just two users.
We've then asked the user input the user name if the user name is not in our list of our main users.
Well then we don't grant access to whatever it is or trying to do or otherwise you print out access
granted.
So let's save this.
And now let's run it.
OK.
Please enter your username Tony.
Access granted.
So far so good.
Let's run it again.
Present your news name.
Bobby As you can see I'm expanding out on my list of user names from my usual Frank.
Tony.
Mary you do not have access.
So there we go.
So you can see how we can combine that with the last letter to start checking for valid users and user
names put in your web app or any other application.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.